src/static/pages/about.md, before:

## Developer

Lead AI/ML developer at [RedBit](https://redbitdev.com), where I'm
building intelligent tools and helping clients across various industries
figure out how they can best leverage AI.

Currently building:

- automated product image generation tools for Print Geek, an on-demand printing service
- a platform to save massive amounts of time and money on contract bidding
- tools to handle the boilerplate work for teachers, so they can focus on teaching not paperwork

> _Ask to learn more_

## Researcher

Graduate student supervised by [Prof. Xiaodan Zhu](https://www.xiaodanzhu.com/) at
Queen's University Ingenuity Lab, where I'm working with JP Morgan AI Research
on financial applications of LLMs. Currently preparing a [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.08678) 
for submission to FinNLP and another for EMNLP.

Previously, I worked with [Prof. Christian Muise](https://www.haz.ca)
on [macq](https://github.com/AI-Planning/macq), a python library for planning action
model acquisition and published a [paper](https://icaps22.icaps-conference.org/demos/ICAPS_2022_paper_378.pdf)
on it at ICAPS 2022.

## Hobbyist

Recent Arch to NixOS convert, my [dotfiles](https://github.com/e-cal/dotfiles)
are an ongoing passion project. I have a somewhat popular [neovim config](https://github.com/e-cal/evim)
featuring a [custom llm chat plugin](https://github.com/e-cal/chat.nvim). I 
basically live in the terminal, and have written countless bash & python scripts 
that let me fly through the shell. I'm especially proud of my [tmux session manager](https://github.com/e-cal/dotfiles/blob/main/shared/scripts/tm) 
which since writing I genuinely couldn't live without.

Commit message:

More projects, more style, more good

src/static/pages/about.md, after:

## Developer

Lead AI/ML developer at [RedBit](https://redbitdev.com), where I'm
building intelligent tools and helping clients across various industries
figure out how they can best leverage AI.

Currently building:

- automated product image generation tools for Print Geek, an on-demand printing service
- a platform to save massive amounts of time and money on contract bidding
- tools to handle the boilerplate work for teachers, so they can focus on teaching not paperwork

> _Ask to learn more_

## Researcher

Graduate student supervised by [Prof. Xiaodan Zhu](https://www.xiaodanzhu.com/) at
Queen's University Ingenuity Lab, where I'm working with JP Morgan AI Research
on financial applications of LLMs. Currently preparing a [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.08678) 
for submission to FinNLP and another for EMNLP.

Previously, I worked with [Prof. Christian Muise](https://www.haz.ca)
on [macq](https://github.com/AI-Planning/macq), a python library for planning action
model acquisition and published a [paper](https://icaps22.icaps-conference.org/demos/ICAPS_2022_paper_378.pdf)
on it at ICAPS 2022.

## Hobbyist

On top of AI things like [exploring latent space](https://worldsim.nousresearch.com/),
I am a linux hobbiest. Recent arch to nixos convert, my [dotfiles](https://github.com/e-cal/dotfiles) 
are an ongoing passion project. I have a somewhat popular [neovim config](https://github.com/e-cal/evim) 
featuring a custom [llm chat plugin](https://github.com/e-cal/chat.nvim). 
I basically live in the terminal, and through my deeply custom 
window manager + nvim + terminal + tmux configs and countless bash & python 
scripts, moving through the shell and editing code is more muscle memory than an
active effort. I'm especially proud of my [tmux session manager](https://github.com/e-cal/dotfiles/blob/main/shared/scripts/tm) 
which since writing I couldn't live without.
